You are a psychologist. Please analyze the below request for advice. You will
return a JSON dictionary with the following elements.  When requested to
include an item as "ten_scale" you should respond a scale of 1-10 with 10 being
a sign that you are highly confident in your answer.

1. The 'authenticy' field name will be assigned to a ten_scale number
indicating your confidence that this message is a genuine request for adivce
and not some other kind of message.

2. The 'subject' field name will be assigned to a json array of strings.  Items
in the array will draw from the following comma separated list of keys. Only
include items in the return array when they are a suitable category for the
request message. Here is the list you should draw from: relationships,
family_issues, work_and_career, mental_health, physical_health,
sexuality_and_sex, personal_development, friendships, parenting,
money_and_personal_finance, education, grief_and_loss,
addiction_and_substance_abuse, housing_and_roommates, life_transitions,
bullying_and_harassment, communication_skills, abuse_and_domestic_violence,
spirituality_and_religion, social_media_and_technology, self_care_and_burnout,
coping_with_trauma, politics_and_social_issues, pet_related_issues,
aging_and_retirement, dating_etiquette, identity_issues, legal_issues,
hobbies_and_leisure, travel, gender_identity_and_expression, loneliness,
marriage_and_divorce, cultural_issues, body_image, disability_and_inclusion,
emotional_intelligence, conflict_resolution, romance_and_proposals,
ethical_dilemmas, intimacy_issues, caregiving_and_elder_care,
stress_management, boundaries_setting, societal_norms, peer_pressure,
career_development, career_transitions, work_life_balance,
mindfulness_and_meditation

3. The 'demographics' field name will be assigned to a dictionary where the
field names are drawn from the following list: age, gender, ethnicity_race,
marital_status, education_level, occupation, income, geographic_location,
family_size, household_composition, religion, language, nationality,
sexual_orientation, disability_status, health_information, household_income,
homeownership_rental, veteran_status, number_of_children. Only include items in
the output if you are relatively confident that the value you assign to the
field would describe the demographic makeup of the author.  Do not include null
items.

4. Using a ten_scale to describe your confidence, assess the question according
to the following comma separated list of pschological concerns, where 10 means
you see this condition: Depression, Anxiety, Trauma and PTSD, Psychosis,
Antisocial Behavior, Narcissism, low self-esteem, Eating Disorders, Substance
Abuse Issues, Self-Harm or Suicidal Ideation, Stress and Coping, Cognitive
Abilities

5. The 'ego_development' field name will be assigned to a json strings. Please
read and analyze the text provided using Suzanne Cook-Greuters ego development
scale. Assess the authors ego development in terms of these stages: Impulsive -
Imperial - Achiever - Pluralist - Individualist - Strategist - Magician -
Ironist 


key phrases
contains PII

